############################################################################################
#
#          Flex4grid LinkSmart LocalConnect ZWave integration layer
#
############################################################################################


INSTALLATION

- download and unzip LinkSmart LocalConnect (LSLC) . You will find it here. https://linksmart.eu/repo/content/repositories/public/eu/linksmart/lc/distribution/
Choose a "flex4grid" distribution for your architecture.
- overwrite the files in the LSLC distribution-folder with folder found in flex4grid/FIT/LSLC-ZWave
- For a household id registration "jq" and "uuid" command line tools need to be installed. 

CONFIGURATION - MQTT

- configure the default (localhost) MQTT broker endpoing regardingly to your needs. You will find it in conf/device-gateway.json

CONFIGURATION - Open ZWave

- configure the Open ZWave environment (OZW) and the serial port used by the OZW controller. To do so edit the conf/ZWaveMultiplexer.conf
  The configuration file looks like:

  /dev/ttyACM0
  /home/user/python-openzwave/openzwave/config
  True
  10000

  The first line specifies the serial port of the OZW controller.  The second line points to your OZW environment directory
  The 3rd  line inside ZWaveMultiplexer.conf enables polling. By default polling is enabled. No changes are needed here.
  The 4th line of the ZWaveMultiplexer.conf specifies the interval between polls. The default value is 10000 (ms). 


CLOUD REGISTRATION

- This step can be skipped if you don't want to register within the cloud. 
- In case you want to register and grab a new unique household_id from the cloud, call registerHousehold.sh first.
  No parameter means uuid will be generated . "MAC" means, the local MAC will be used for the registration.
  Example using MAC to generate the household ID: 
  "registerHousehold.sh MAC"
- You need to call the script only once

USAGE

- Start the ZWaveMultiplexer by calling "python ZWaveMultiplexer.py"
- Start LSLC binary gateway by calling "device-gateway" from the root distribution folder. 
- Browse the installed devices with the help of the Resource Catalog : http://localhost:8080/rc
- More LSLC documentation can be found here : https://linksmart.eu/redmine/projects/linksmart-local-connect/wiki


SMART PLUG CONTROL

Here some examples for rest calls to monitor and control the Smart Plug simulator.

SmartPlug Consumption
curl -i -H "Content-Type:application/json" http://localhost:8080/rest/Flex4GridDevice/SmartPlug_Consumption

SmartPlug Status
curl -i -H "Content-Type:application/json" http://localhost:8080/rest/Flex4GridDevice/SmartPlug_Status

SmartPlug Switch ON/OFF
curl -i -H "Content-Type:application/json" http://localhost:8080/rest/Flex4GridDevice/SmartPlug_Switch -X PUT -d "ON 6"
curl -i -H "Content-Type:application/json" http://localhost:8080/rest/Flex4GridDevice/SmartPlug_Switch -X PUT -d "OFF 6"

where 6 is the id of the ZWavePlug. SmartPlug status events reveal the id when the status is changed.
The id's are dynamicaly generated by the OZW layer.



TODO

* List of available SmartPlugs

